Add release notes for 0.223 (#13109)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/release/release-0.222.rst

Release 0.222
=============

.. warning::

>     This release has the potential to remove necessary cast during incorrect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This release contains a regression which may cause Presto to incorrectly remove certain ``CAST`` operations.
```
